In this assignment, I tackled another ETL pipeline and the process of doing backend computation
and data wrangling in order to give financial insights as well as producing data for providers that
contains only partial information from the given data. I edited 4 files, clean.py, compute.py, payroll_app.py, and join.py.
Each one played a specific part to the ETL process. In clean.py, I had to encompass and guard for many
types of different inputs that could be put in for currencies and hours. This took taking steps to ensure
inputs were strings, then stripping whitespace and seeing if the hours were in a valid format, and ultimately
parsing a single number. These functions then would be used to do computations in compute.py, with clean values
I was able to calculate each employee's gross_pay and whether or not they went into overtime hours based on
the OVERTIME_THRESHOLD in compute.py. The data was split into two dataframes, one being an employees table
which contained information about the employees, and a timesheet table that tracked the hours worked and the wages.
To calculate the previous steps, we had to merge these on a shared primary key, in this case the employee_id.
I merge this in join.py using a left join (with the timesheet as the left table) on employee_id as we need to ensure employees are
paid for their hours, and it's possible for there to be employees not entered into the database but have worked hours. So
unmatched employee_ids show up as unmatched but remain part of the table. In payroll_app.py we combine all 3
parts of the app to take a timesheet and join it with employee information, and then present that as a report with
an exportable condensed version using st.download_button. I already knew how to use st.metrics from the previous assignment,
and in this case we have 4 metrics in 4 st.columns. Employees paid represents all matched employees, which I calculated by subtracting the total rows
by the amount of unmatched rows, total hours which uses the sum of the cleaned "hours_worked" column, total gross pay
which uses the sum cleaned gross_pay column, and overtime weeks which counts the rows where hours_worked > OVERTIME_THRESHOLD.

This lab was much like A3, so there wasn't much new information to be gained. However, I will say I learned
a lot about accessing and applying functions through series.apply to pandas dataframes, and the understanding of
which axis to use. We use axis=1 since the computations are by row/horizontal, using hours_worked and hourly_rate_usd added
together to create a new column. It was also interesting to hear that we are meant to copy the given dataframe
and make a new one as a return value each time, as I would've likely tried to modify it in place.

My biggest challenge with this lab was in payroll_app.py, and it was the process in which I would display the warning
and account for unmatched employees. My first thought was to just count the rows where employees had null first_names, since that
would mean the join failed, but then I realized I needed to display the employee_ids that failed, so I ended up
creating a separate df that just contained unmatched employees, and then converted the employee_id column to a list and used
f"{', '.join(str(employee) for employee in unmatched_employees)}" to display all the ids. This also allowed me to calculate
the number of matched employees by subtracting the length of the original dataframe by the length of this new dataframe.
I also learned how to use the mime parameter to ensure that st.download_button produces a csv file.